**************************************
Emulating TARDIS using Neural Networks
**************************************

* Authors

  * Marc Williamson (NYU)

  * Maryam Modjaz (NYU)

  * Federica Bianco (University of Delaware)

* Paper Title: Optimal Classification and Outlier Detection
  for Stripped-Envelope Core-Collapse Supernovae

* Date Posted on arXiv (MM-DD-YYYY): 03-15-2019

* arXiv link: https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.06815

****************
Science Question
****************

What are the science questions addressed by this paper?

* Can we construct a physically interpretable classifier for
  stripped-envelope supernovae that encodes the heuristics used
  by astrophysicists for classification but that quantifies the
  continuous nature of SN ejecta abundances and stripping mechanisms?

* When is the best time relative to date of maximum to distinguish
  between stripped-envelope spectral types?

**********
Motivation
**********

Why are the science questions posed in the paper important?

* The stripped-envelope spectral types are determined based on the
  presence or lack thereof of Hydrogen and Helium absorption features.
  Since stripping mechanisms are continuous, the classification scheme
  for SESN types should reflect this continuity in order to quantitatively
  understand "transition type" supernovae.

* Current classification schemes use basic statistics like cross correlation
  which do not yield information on the relationship between classes of SESNe.

* With the advent of large observing campaigns like ZTF and collaborations like
  GSP, there will be too many objects to follow up with spectra, thus it is
  vital that we know the best time for spectral observation in order to extract
  the most information.

*******
Methods
*******

What analysis methods do the authors employ to address the science questions?

* Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on a sample of stripped-envelope
  optical spectra.

* Support Vector Machine for classification.

************
Main Results
************

What are the most important take aways from this paper?

* The authors show that their classifier reproduces the common stripped-envelope
  spectral subtypes, while also allowing continuous classification between the types.

* This method provides a new way of understanding "transition" supernovae like SN2008D.

* The authors show that the stripped-envelope subtypes are best distinguished from
  each other about 2 weeks after maximum light when non-thermal effects have excited
  Helium.

