**********
Post Title
**********

* Authors:

  * Wolfgang Kerzendorf
  * Christian Vogl
  * Johannes Buchner
  * Gabriella Contardo
  * Marc Williamson
  * Patrick van der Smagt

* Paper Title: Dalek -- a deep-learning emulator for TARDIS

* Date Posted on arXiv (MM-DD-YYYY): 07-03-2020

* arXiv link: https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.01868

****************
Science Question
****************

What are the science questions addressed by this paper?

* Can a neural network based framework emulate a traditional
  Monte Carlo based radiative transfer code TARDIS to percent
  level accuracy?

**********
Motivation
**********

Why are the science questions posed in the paper important?

* Radiative transfer simulations of synthetic supernova spectra are
  extremely computationally expensive. Thus, supernova modelling has
  been restricted to subjectively creating models by experts without
  the use of automated fitting to observed spectra. If a neural network
  emulator can be trained to mimic radiation transfer codes such as
  TARDIS, then a wide variety of analysis tools become available, like
  bayesian inference on model parameters that would be computationally
  impossible otherwise.

*******
Methods
*******

What analysis methods do the authors employ to address the science questions?

* Multiple neural network architectures with different hyperparameter choices
  are trained on TARDIS simulations.

* Ensemble of best neural networks used for final comparisons to test synthetic
  spectra.

************
Main Results
************

What are the most important take aways from this paper?

* The emulator produced by the authors predicts spectra from input model
  parameters to percent level accuracy when tested against a test set of
  TARDIS spectra.

* The emulator produces emulated spectra thousands of times faster
  than the radiation transfer code TARDIS, which allows full parameter
  space exploration and bayesian analysis to understand input parameter
  uncertainties and degeneracies.

